scripts: nrf_profiler: Add multi-device synchronization support (#29657)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`script <scripts>`.

* :ref:`nrf_profiler_script` script:

>   * Added multi-device synchronization support to the nRF Profiler host tools (:ref:`nrf_profiler_script`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added multi-device synchronization support to the nRF Profiler host tools.
```
No need to repeat the link.

Author: Corrected

    The :file:`data_collector.py` and :file:`real_time_plot.py` scripts accept the ``--synch`` argument (from ``1`` to ``10``, default: ``1``) to collect profiling data from multiple devices in lockstep.

>     When more than one device is used, datasets are stored with an ``_<index>`` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When multiple devices are used, datasets are stored with an ``_<index>`` suffix.
```

Author: Corrected

>   * Updated the :ref:`nrf_profiler_script` documentation with information about synchronized multi-device data collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the documentation with information about synchronized multi-device data collection.
```

Author: Corrected
